[DEV-194] Deploy and verify (#55)
otterspace-xyz/otterspace-contracts: readme.md

npx hardhat test
```

### Deploying and verifying contract

> -   create a `.env` file or (`.env.whatever`) matching the parameters seen in `./scripts/deploy_and_verify.sh`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   create a `.env` file or (`.env.network`) matching the parameters seen in `./scripts/deploy_and_verify.sh`, and pass it as a parameter when running the script as seen below
```

> -   run `./scripts/deploy_and_verify.sh .env.whatever`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   run `./scripts/deploy_and_verify.sh .env.network`
```
